[BUGFIX] - Make preemptible instances work (#26)
sighupio/fury-gke-installer: modules/gke/README.md

    min_size : 1
    max_size : 1
    instance_type : "n1-standard-2"

>     os : "COS" # to select a defined OS image, optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    os : "COS" # to select a particular OS image, optional. Default: COS: Container-Optimized OS
```

    ]
    tags : {}
    max_pods : 50 # Specific

>     spot_instance: true # To enable preemptible instances, optional

Reviewer: I would leave "enable" for stuff that you have to toggle on to be able to use it. Here we are choosing if the instance types are preemptible or not.
```suggestion
    spot_instance : true # create preemptible instances instead of the standard ones, optional
```
